src/README.md, before:

# Component: `efs`

This component is responsible for provisioning an [EFS](https://aws.amazon.com/efs/) Network File System with KMS encryption-at-rest. EFS is an excellent choice as the default block storage for EKS clusters so that volumes are not zone-locked.

## Usage

**Stack Level**: Regional

Here's an example snippet for how to use this component.

```yaml
components:
  terraform:
    efs:
      vars:
        enabled: true
        name: shared-files
        dns_name: shared-files
        provisioned_throughput_in_mibps: 10
```

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 4.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 4.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_efs"></a> [efs](#module\_efs) | cloudposse/efs/aws | 0.32.7 |
| <a name="module_eks"></a> [eks](#module\_eks) | cloudposse/stack-config/yaml//modules/remote-state | 1.5.0 |
| <a name="module_gbl_dns_delegated"></a> [gbl\_dns\_delegated](#module\_gbl\_dns\_delegated) | cloudposse/stack-config/yaml//modules/remote-state | 1.5.0 |
| <a name="module_iam_roles"></a> [iam\_roles](#module\_iam\_roles) | ../account-map/modules/iam-roles | n/a |
| <a name="module_kms_key_efs"></a> [kms\_key\_efs](#module\_kms\_key\_efs) | cloudposse/kms-key/aws | 0.12.1 |
| <a name="module_this"></a> [this](#module\_this) | cloudposse/label/null | 0.25.0 |
| <a name="module_vpc"></a> [vpc](#module\_vpc) | cloudposse/stack-config/yaml//modules/remote-state | 1.5.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.kms_key_efs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |
| [aws_partition.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/partition) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_additional_tag_map"></a> [additional\_tag\_map](#input\_additional\_tag\_map) | Additional key-value pairs to add to each map in `tags_as_list_of_maps`. Not added to `tags` or `id`.<br>This is for some rare cases where resources want additional configuration of tags<br>and therefore take a list of maps with tag key, value, and additional configuration. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_attributes"></a> [attributes](#input\_attributes) | ID element. Additional attributes (e.g. `workers` or `cluster`) to add to `id`,<br>in the order they appear in the list. New attributes are appended to the<br>end of the list. The elements of the list are joined by the `delimiter`<br>and treated as a single ID element. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_context"></a> [context](#input\_context) | Single object for setting entire context at once.<br>See description of individual variables for details.<br>Leave string and numeric variables as `null` to use default value.<br>Individual variable settings (non-null) override settings in context object,<br>except for attributes, tags, and additional\_tag\_map, which are merged. | `any` | <pre>{<br>  "additional_tag_map": {},<br>  "attributes": [],<br>  "delimiter": null,<br>  "descriptor_formats": {},<br>  "enabled": true,<br>  "environment": null,<br>  "id_length_limit": null,<br>  "label_key_case": null,<br>  "label_order": [],<br>  "label_value_case": null,<br>  "labels_as_tags": [<br>    "unset"<br>  ],<br>  "name": null,<br>  "namespace": null,<br>  "regex_replace_chars": null,<br>  "stage": null,<br>  "tags": {},<br>  "tenant": null<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_delimiter"></a> [delimiter](#input\_delimiter) | Delimiter to be used between ID elements.<br>Defaults to `-` (hyphen). Set to `""` to use no delimiter at all. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_descriptor_formats"></a> [descriptor\_formats](#input\_descriptor\_formats) | Describe additional descriptors to be output in the `descriptors` output map.<br>Map of maps. Keys are names of descriptors. Values are maps of the form<br>`{<br>   format = string<br>   labels = list(string)<br>}`<br>(Type is `any` so the map values can later be enhanced to provide additional options.)<br>`format` is a Terraform format string to be passed to the `format()` function.<br>`labels` is a list of labels, in order, to pass to `format()` function.<br>Label values will be normalized before being passed to `format()` so they will be<br>identical to how they appear in `id`.<br>Default is `{}` (`descriptors` output will be empty). | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_efs_backup_policy_enabled"></a> [efs\_backup\_policy\_enabled](#input\_efs\_backup\_policy\_enabled) | If `true`, automatic backups will be enabled. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_eks_component_names"></a> [eks\_component\_names](#input\_eks\_component\_names) | The names of the eks components | `set(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "eks/cluster"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_eks_security_group_enabled"></a> [eks\_security\_group\_enabled](#input\_eks\_security\_group\_enabled) | Use the eks default security group | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_enabled"></a> [enabled](#input\_enabled) | Set to false to prevent the module from creating any resources | `bool` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_environment"></a> [environment](#input\_environment) | ID element. Usually used for region e.g. 'uw2', 'us-west-2', OR role 'prod', 'staging', 'dev', 'UAT' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_hostname_template"></a> [hostname\_template](#input\_hostname\_template) | The `format()` string to use to generate the hostname via `format(var.hostname_template, var.tenant, var.stage, var.environment)`"<br>Typically something like `"echo.%[3]v.%[2]v.example.com"`. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_id_length_limit"></a> [id\_length\_limit](#input\_id\_length\_limit) | Limit `id` to this many characters (minimum 6).<br>Set to `0` for unlimited length.<br>Set to `null` for keep the existing setting, which defaults to `0`.<br>Does not affect `id_full`. | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_key_case"></a> [label\_key\_case](#input\_label\_key\_case) | Controls the letter case of the `tags` keys (label names) for tags generated by this module.<br>Does not affect keys of tags passed in via the `tags` input.<br>Possible values: `lower`, `title`, `upper`.<br>Default value: `title`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_order"></a> [label\_order](#input\_label\_order) | The order in which the labels (ID elements) appear in the `id`.<br>Defaults to ["namespace", "environment", "stage", "name", "attributes"].<br>You can omit any of the 6 labels ("tenant" is the 6th), but at least one must be present. | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_value_case"></a> [label\_value\_case](#input\_label\_value\_case) | Controls the letter case of ID elements (labels) as included in `id`,<br>set as tag values, and output by this module individually.<br>Does not affect values of tags passed in via the `tags` input.<br>Possible values: `lower`, `title`, `upper` and `none` (no transformation).<br>Set this to `title` and set `delimiter` to `""` to yield Pascal Case IDs.<br>Default value: `lower`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_labels_as_tags"></a> [labels\_as\_tags](#input\_labels\_as\_tags) | Set of labels (ID elements) to include as tags in the `tags` output.<br>Default is to include all labels.<br>Tags with empty values will not be included in the `tags` output.<br>Set to `[]` to suppress all generated tags.<br>**Notes:**<br>  The value of the `name` tag, if included, will be the `id`, not the `name`.<br>  Unlike other `null-label` inputs, the initial setting of `labels_as_tags` cannot be<br>  changed in later chained modules. Attempts to change it will be silently ignored. | `set(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "default"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | ID element. Usually the component or solution name, e.g. 'app' or 'jenkins'.<br>This is the only ID element not also included as a `tag`.<br>The "name" tag is set to the full `id` string. There is no tag with the value of the `name` input. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_namespace"></a> [namespace](#input\_namespace) | ID element. Usually an abbreviation of your organization name, e.g. 'eg' or 'cp', to help ensure generated IDs are globally unique | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_performance_mode"></a> [performance\_mode](#input\_performance\_mode) | The file system performance mode. Can be either `generalPurpose` or `maxIO` | `string` | `"generalPurpose"` | no |
| <a name="input_provisioned_throughput_in_mibps"></a> [provisioned\_throughput\_in\_mibps](#input\_provisioned\_throughput\_in\_mibps) | The throughput, measured in MiB/s, that you want to provision for the file system. Only applicable with `throughput_mode` set to provisioned | `number` | `0` | no |
| <a name="input_regex_replace_chars"></a> [regex\_replace\_chars](#input\_regex\_replace\_chars) | Terraform regular expression (regex) string.<br>Characters matching the regex will be removed from the ID elements.<br>If not set, `"/[^a-zA-Z0-9-]/"` is used to remove all characters other than hyphens, letters and digits. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | AWS Region | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_stage"></a> [stage](#input\_stage) | ID element. Usually used to indicate role, e.g. 'prod', 'staging', 'source', 'build', 'test', 'deploy', 'release' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Additional tags (e.g. `{'BusinessUnit': 'XYZ'}`).<br>Neither the tag keys nor the tag values will be modified by this module. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_tenant"></a> [tenant](#input\_tenant) | ID element \_(Rarely used, not included by default)\_. A customer identifier, indicating who this instance of a resource is for | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_throughput_mode"></a> [throughput\_mode](#input\_throughput\_mode) | Throughput mode for the file system. Defaults to bursting. Valid values: `bursting`, `provisioned`. When using `provisioned`, also set `provisioned_throughput_in_mibps` | `string` | `"bursting"` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_efs_arn"></a> [efs\_arn](#output\_efs\_arn) | EFS ARN |
| <a name="output_efs_dns_name"></a> [efs\_dns\_name](#output\_efs\_dns\_name) | EFS DNS name |
| <a name="output_efs_host"></a> [efs\_host](#output\_efs\_host) | DNS hostname for the EFS |
| <a name="output_efs_id"></a> [efs\_id](#output\_efs\_id) | EFS ID |
| <a name="output_efs_mount_target_dns_names"></a> [efs\_mount\_target\_dns\_names](#output\_efs\_mount\_target\_dns\_names) | List of EFS mount target DNS names |
| <a name="output_efs_mount_target_ids"></a> [efs\_mount\_target\_ids](#output\_efs\_mount\_target\_ids) | List of EFS mount target IDs (one per Availability Zone) |
| <a name="output_efs_mount_target_ips"></a> [efs\_mount\_target\_ips](#output\_efs\_mount\_target\_ips) | List of EFS mount target IPs (one per Availability Zone) |
| <a name="output_efs_network_interface_ids"></a> [efs\_network\_interface\_ids](#output\_efs\_network\_interface\_ids) | List of mount target network interface IDs |
| <a name="output_security_group_arn"></a> [security\_group\_arn](#output\_security\_group\_arn) | EFS Security Group ARN |
| <a name="output_security_group_id"></a> [security\_group\_id](#output\_security\_group\_id) | EFS Security Group ID |
| <a name="output_security_group_name"></a> [security\_group\_name](#output\_security\_group\_name) | EFS Security Group name |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->


## References
* [cloudposse/terraform-aws-components](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-components/tree/main/modules/efs) - Cloud Posse's upstream component


[<img src="https://cloudposse.com/logo-300x69.svg" height="32" align="right"/>](https://cpco.io/component)

Commit message:

Update `EFS` & `ECS` components to allow using EFS in ECS  (https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-components/pull/979)

src/README.md, after:

# Component: `efs`

This component is responsible for provisioning an [EFS](https://aws.amazon.com/efs/) Network File System with KMS encryption-at-rest. EFS is an excellent choice as the default block storage for EKS clusters so that volumes are not zone-locked.

## Usage

**Stack Level**: Regional

Here's an example snippet for how to use this component.

```yaml
components:
  terraform:
    efs:
      vars:
        enabled: true
        name: shared-files
        dns_name: shared-files
        provisioned_throughput_in_mibps: 10
      # additional_security_group_rules:
      #   - key: "fargate_efs"
      #     type: "ingress"
      #     from_port: 2049
      #     to_port: 2049
      #     protocol: "tcp"
      #     description: "Allow Fargate EFS Volume mounts"
      #     cidr_blocks: ["0.0.0.0/0"]
```

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 4.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 4.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_efs"></a> [efs](#module\_efs) | cloudposse/efs/aws | 0.35.0 |
| <a name="module_eks"></a> [eks](#module\_eks) | cloudposse/stack-config/yaml//modules/remote-state | 1.5.0 |
| <a name="module_gbl_dns_delegated"></a> [gbl\_dns\_delegated](#module\_gbl\_dns\_delegated) | cloudposse/stack-config/yaml//modules/remote-state | 1.5.0 |
| <a name="module_iam_roles"></a> [iam\_roles](#module\_iam\_roles) | ../account-map/modules/iam-roles | n/a |
| <a name="module_kms_key_efs"></a> [kms\_key\_efs](#module\_kms\_key\_efs) | cloudposse/kms-key/aws | 0.12.1 |
| <a name="module_this"></a> [this](#module\_this) | cloudposse/label/null | 0.25.0 |
| <a name="module_vpc"></a> [vpc](#module\_vpc) | cloudposse/stack-config/yaml//modules/remote-state | 1.5.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.kms_key_efs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |
| [aws_partition.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/partition) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_additional_security_group_rules"></a> [additional\_security\_group\_rules](#input\_additional\_security\_group\_rules) | A list of Security Group rule objects to add to the created security group, in addition to the ones<br>this module normally creates. (To suppress the module's rules, set `create_security_group` to false<br>and supply your own security group via `associated_security_group_ids`.)<br>The keys and values of the objects are fully compatible with the `aws_security_group_rule` resource, except<br>for `security_group_id` which will be ignored, and the optional "key" which, if provided, must be unique and known at "plan" time.<br>To get more info see https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/security_group_rule . | `list(any)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_additional_tag_map"></a> [additional\_tag\_map](#input\_additional\_tag\_map) | Additional key-value pairs to add to each map in `tags_as_list_of_maps`. Not added to `tags` or `id`.<br>This is for some rare cases where resources want additional configuration of tags<br>and therefore take a list of maps with tag key, value, and additional configuration. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_attributes"></a> [attributes](#input\_attributes) | ID element. Additional attributes (e.g. `workers` or `cluster`) to add to `id`,<br>in the order they appear in the list. New attributes are appended to the<br>end of the list. The elements of the list are joined by the `delimiter`<br>and treated as a single ID element. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_context"></a> [context](#input\_context) | Single object for setting entire context at once.<br>See description of individual variables for details.<br>Leave string and numeric variables as `null` to use default value.<br>Individual variable settings (non-null) override settings in context object,<br>except for attributes, tags, and additional\_tag\_map, which are merged. | `any` | <pre>{<br>  "additional_tag_map": {},<br>  "attributes": [],<br>  "delimiter": null,<br>  "descriptor_formats": {},<br>  "enabled": true,<br>  "environment": null,<br>  "id_length_limit": null,<br>  "label_key_case": null,<br>  "label_order": [],<br>  "label_value_case": null,<br>  "labels_as_tags": [<br>    "unset"<br>  ],<br>  "name": null,<br>  "namespace": null,<br>  "regex_replace_chars": null,<br>  "stage": null,<br>  "tags": {},<br>  "tenant": null<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_delimiter"></a> [delimiter](#input\_delimiter) | Delimiter to be used between ID elements.<br>Defaults to `-` (hyphen). Set to `""` to use no delimiter at all. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_descriptor_formats"></a> [descriptor\_formats](#input\_descriptor\_formats) | Describe additional descriptors to be output in the `descriptors` output map.<br>Map of maps. Keys are names of descriptors. Values are maps of the form<br>`{<br>   format = string<br>   labels = list(string)<br>}`<br>(Type is `any` so the map values can later be enhanced to provide additional options.)<br>`format` is a Terraform format string to be passed to the `format()` function.<br>`labels` is a list of labels, in order, to pass to `format()` function.<br>Label values will be normalized before being passed to `format()` so they will be<br>identical to how they appear in `id`.<br>Default is `{}` (`descriptors` output will be empty). | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_efs_backup_policy_enabled"></a> [efs\_backup\_policy\_enabled](#input\_efs\_backup\_policy\_enabled) | If `true`, automatic backups will be enabled. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_eks_component_names"></a> [eks\_component\_names](#input\_eks\_component\_names) | The names of the eks components | `set(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "eks/cluster"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_eks_security_group_enabled"></a> [eks\_security\_group\_enabled](#input\_eks\_security\_group\_enabled) | Use the eks default security group | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_enabled"></a> [enabled](#input\_enabled) | Set to false to prevent the module from creating any resources | `bool` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_environment"></a> [environment](#input\_environment) | ID element. Usually used for region e.g. 'uw2', 'us-west-2', OR role 'prod', 'staging', 'dev', 'UAT' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_hostname_template"></a> [hostname\_template](#input\_hostname\_template) | The `format()` string to use to generate the hostname via `format(var.hostname_template, var.tenant, var.stage, var.environment)`"<br>Typically something like `"echo.%[3]v.%[2]v.example.com"`. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_id_length_limit"></a> [id\_length\_limit](#input\_id\_length\_limit) | Limit `id` to this many characters (minimum 6).<br>Set to `0` for unlimited length.<br>Set to `null` for keep the existing setting, which defaults to `0`.<br>Does not affect `id_full`. | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_key_case"></a> [label\_key\_case](#input\_label\_key\_case) | Controls the letter case of the `tags` keys (label names) for tags generated by this module.<br>Does not affect keys of tags passed in via the `tags` input.<br>Possible values: `lower`, `title`, `upper`.<br>Default value: `title`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_order"></a> [label\_order](#input\_label\_order) | The order in which the labels (ID elements) appear in the `id`.<br>Defaults to ["namespace", "environment", "stage", "name", "attributes"].<br>You can omit any of the 6 labels ("tenant" is the 6th), but at least one must be present. | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_value_case"></a> [label\_value\_case](#input\_label\_value\_case) | Controls the letter case of ID elements (labels) as included in `id`,<br>set as tag values, and output by this module individually.<br>Does not affect values of tags passed in via the `tags` input.<br>Possible values: `lower`, `title`, `upper` and `none` (no transformation).<br>Set this to `title` and set `delimiter` to `""` to yield Pascal Case IDs.<br>Default value: `lower`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_labels_as_tags"></a> [labels\_as\_tags](#input\_labels\_as\_tags) | Set of labels (ID elements) to include as tags in the `tags` output.<br>Default is to include all labels.<br>Tags with empty values will not be included in the `tags` output.<br>Set to `[]` to suppress all generated tags.<br>**Notes:**<br>  The value of the `name` tag, if included, will be the `id`, not the `name`.<br>  Unlike other `null-label` inputs, the initial setting of `labels_as_tags` cannot be<br>  changed in later chained modules. Attempts to change it will be silently ignored. | `set(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "default"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | ID element. Usually the component or solution name, e.g. 'app' or 'jenkins'.<br>This is the only ID element not also included as a `tag`.<br>The "name" tag is set to the full `id` string. There is no tag with the value of the `name` input. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_namespace"></a> [namespace](#input\_namespace) | ID element. Usually an abbreviation of your organization name, e.g. 'eg' or 'cp', to help ensure generated IDs are globally unique | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_performance_mode"></a> [performance\_mode](#input\_performance\_mode) | The file system performance mode. Can be either `generalPurpose` or `maxIO` | `string` | `"generalPurpose"` | no |
| <a name="input_provisioned_throughput_in_mibps"></a> [provisioned\_throughput\_in\_mibps](#input\_provisioned\_throughput\_in\_mibps) | The throughput, measured in MiB/s, that you want to provision for the file system. Only applicable with `throughput_mode` set to provisioned | `number` | `0` | no |
| <a name="input_regex_replace_chars"></a> [regex\_replace\_chars](#input\_regex\_replace\_chars) | Terraform regular expression (regex) string.<br>Characters matching the regex will be removed from the ID elements.<br>If not set, `"/[^a-zA-Z0-9-]/"` is used to remove all characters other than hyphens, letters and digits. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | AWS Region | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_stage"></a> [stage](#input\_stage) | ID element. Usually used to indicate role, e.g. 'prod', 'staging', 'source', 'build', 'test', 'deploy', 'release' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Additional tags (e.g. `{'BusinessUnit': 'XYZ'}`).<br>Neither the tag keys nor the tag values will be modified by this module. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_tenant"></a> [tenant](#input\_tenant) | ID element \_(Rarely used, not included by default)\_. A customer identifier, indicating who this instance of a resource is for | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_throughput_mode"></a> [throughput\_mode](#input\_throughput\_mode) | Throughput mode for the file system. Defaults to bursting. Valid values: `bursting`, `provisioned`. When using `provisioned`, also set `provisioned_throughput_in_mibps` | `string` | `"bursting"` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_efs_arn"></a> [efs\_arn](#output\_efs\_arn) | EFS ARN |
| <a name="output_efs_dns_name"></a> [efs\_dns\_name](#output\_efs\_dns\_name) | EFS DNS name |
| <a name="output_efs_host"></a> [efs\_host](#output\_efs\_host) | DNS hostname for the EFS |
| <a name="output_efs_id"></a> [efs\_id](#output\_efs\_id) | EFS ID |
| <a name="output_efs_mount_target_dns_names"></a> [efs\_mount\_target\_dns\_names](#output\_efs\_mount\_target\_dns\_names) | List of EFS mount target DNS names |
| <a name="output_efs_mount_target_ids"></a> [efs\_mount\_target\_ids](#output\_efs\_mount\_target\_ids) | List of EFS mount target IDs (one per Availability Zone) |
| <a name="output_efs_mount_target_ips"></a> [efs\_mount\_target\_ips](#output\_efs\_mount\_target\_ips) | List of EFS mount target IPs (one per Availability Zone) |
| <a name="output_efs_network_interface_ids"></a> [efs\_network\_interface\_ids](#output\_efs\_network\_interface\_ids) | List of mount target network interface IDs |
| <a name="output_security_group_arn"></a> [security\_group\_arn](#output\_security\_group\_arn) | EFS Security Group ARN |
| <a name="output_security_group_id"></a> [security\_group\_id](#output\_security\_group\_id) | EFS Security Group ID |
| <a name="output_security_group_name"></a> [security\_group\_name](#output\_security\_group\_name) | EFS Security Group name |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->


## References
* [cloudposse/terraform-aws-components](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-components/tree/main/modules/efs) - Cloud Posse's upstream component


[<img src="https://cloudposse.com/logo-300x69.svg" height="32" align="right"/>](https://cpco.io/component)
